yeah exactly lift it up pushing
yeah hey so he did a narration now who's
that back there in the mud pro I do
believe is mike hein
10-4
the 19th Michael is two hours away from
from a wedding the explosive Ken he had
to be driving something other than and
what was the first kolodner group to go
through that was a lot I know blue BC
Sean oh no hahahaha for me and Jay I'm
polaris ranger
the tank made it through but the mini
tank did the tank made it through but
the Hummer did everybody got to make fun
of hiding cuz he's gonna get a copy of
this right non-personal hind but we
can't resist but we can't resist
remember what that's got battles got a
small penis there you are drinking
neither one of rock blares
anyway that's awesome one boy one boys
at work by the
I know everybody can
very nice machine man insane
when I was talking to get missing
I thought these days money on my income
into a rib chocolate and another cat
away is coming through you want to
it was proud crazy it was proud you
wussed out you were so you was there you
should head of my bro should have had a
micro like nothing
glentana stop flares 500 made it through
mud from still not true
they jump up my turn mine up overhead
lay a hand brakes on there
lekin another attempt
oh he's stuck up another time obviously
they don't mind they're only 700 bucks
each Barbara say hi to try